She said she had forgotten
about our invitation.
This wasn’t the first time.
Why does she do this again and again?
I said in my heart that I could
never forgive her.
Will you forgive her?
Hm.
Of course I will.
A Christian usually knows
the right thing to do.
But doing the right thing
—that’s different.
I found what I needed.
I knew I would forgive my sister,
but the article reminded me how to handle it.
The three points were:
(1) Act promptly.
I couldn’t wait.
I needed to talk with her as soon as I could.
(2) I shouldn’t talk to others about it.
I must do it privately.
And (3) act peacefully.
Rather than accusing her,
I should simply express how I feel,
and I also need
to listen patiently to my sister.
I needed to act right away.